todo:
#define GFX_POOL_SIZE 30400     //KAZENOTE reset this to 6400 maybe
file select copy erase and erase buttons look fucked




maybe fixed?:
check if monkey is fixed
unmapped load address PC 801914f8, RA 801814CC
if you touch king bob omb and the other player in the same frame, you can hold the wrong person



fixed:
cannons are fucky somehow
make cannon cam a circle
if cannon action is interrupted, make sure to disable invisiblity. this can happen from warps.
make hitting a wall from the bubble movement force reset the force so you can move past pillars and walls
fast flying spin can be triggered while in level doing normal stuff. bubble related?
ktq and penguin lost concept of cheating for clarity
the big boos hitbox is way too big
	most of the hitboxs are too big yeah !
Star 1, Luigi drowning (bubble state). Mario entering sunken boat kills both players (exits with bowser screen).
make mario drop item when being bubbled
I went to DDD and single pressing A to swim does like a double swim thing? Can't fast swim properly.
	- reset controller buttonpressed during frameskip
slow stars in star select down
slide tiemr is twice as fast
p1 only has to read texts after stars, sometimes p2
you can grab onto the other mario in trees
star cutscene timestop only affect player 2
warp in JRB just kills you
i couldnt GP spindrift
penguin race doesnt give star (not a bug, melon cheated)
100c are individually split
talking to bowser crashes, mario 2 is not in a cutscene
big boos haunt is fucked camera wise
sometimes its getting p2 mario instead of p1
mario 1 went invis when entering area 3 SSL
no bubble when dying at 0 hp from fallign off
crash when p1 talks to penguin?			
camera stuck in ssl
game froze when p2 died in volcano
check toad stars
heave ho fucks mario 1 only
cannon rotation is wrong
random crash in igloo
you can enter cannons at ocne
bowser 1 2 3 crash the game
make camera snap to height faster in bubble
make max distance the bubble can go from the other player
channel 2 sounds die sometimes? in bowser 3
removed the boo dialog
when you enter a new area, sometimes a random object gets copied to one of the marios positions
castle floor trap is fucked up with rendering
another fucked door cutscene in downstairs (its an oanimestate thing??)
mario 1 is invisible on slides
mario 2 kept vanishing effect after steal
fix powermeter graphics
add luigi
luigi is mario during vanish cap while moving
bubble can go out of bounds atm
every coin above 100c is a star spawn
make ! box spawn 2 shells
only mario can access stop cam, both players should
donut platforms dont show up unless luigi comes
end cutscene only plays for mario
player 2 can still move camera during end cutscene
end cutscene crashes in CCM
end cutscene is FUCKED on luigis screen (disable splitscreen)
end cutscene stuff runs twice on the objects
peachs voice needs to reset pitch
so logn gay bowser wrong pitch
sleeping fucks sound?
bonus: make the other player bounce higher off of someone thats crouching
you cant grab poles without diving first




fuck it:
camera after exiting RR is shit
mirror doesnt work, put a wall there
bug if you start a cutscene while the other player is in a cutscene (toad star and door) NOT SURE IF FIXED
infinite stairs are removed
camera bugs for the other player if one player dies during cutscene
	(chain chomp only?)
luigi can get stuck in air from king bob omb. put a time limit
doors sometimes read the wrong camera and then a door gets stuck
p2 cam zooms out when getting a star
part of cam shake is still on P2s screen
weird black bars in credits?->removed

not replicateable:
if one guy is game over and the other gets bubbled, game crashes?
voices gone after death?
going into JRB ship kills player?
piranha plant can mute mario/luigi audio?
cannons can trap you?





notes:
the game seems to be unable to execute obj_nearest_object with behavior after entering volcano properly=?